Within the pages of the book of kings known as the Shahnama there were stories
of Heroes and in that book there was no superior hero of Persian tales than
Rostam. Rostam was the son of Zal and was also, a liminal figure, a man
who interacts with the supernatural animal kingdom as well Rostam ruled over his own border. He
was most commonly known to been a world-famous warrior, and just hearing his name alone
tremble his enemy. In this story, he had finally reached the Khan of Chin, also
known as the king of china. Many warriors were sent by the Chinese king to
find out who Rustam was, and to track down how he was taking out all
the king’s men and lions. However, Rostam was able to get the upper hand and
vanquish all the warriors that the king sent. Leaving the King of China left in
Rustam’s path. The story unfolds on a day with autumn winds so powerful, they could
have blasted trees. With skies filled with fight, as archers took majority of the sky
and filled it with arrows. As if the arrows were the stars covering the sky.
The King of China however was not worried about the might of Rostam, as he
believed he had enough men to outnumber Rostam’s men three hundred to one. To prove
that Rustam was the warrior that even the King of China should fear, Rostam charged
towards one of the King’s men, to show that he was not there for peace.
He then loosened his lasso and flung his coil, wrapping it around the man like
a noose. He left this mighty man as no more than a few pieces on
the ground. The King had never seen this amount of powerful force, it made him
feel like the earth rose like the Nile. The King realized he was outmatched and
called for peace, hoping Rustam’s heart was not full of revenge. However, The King surrendering was
not substantial enough for Rustam. As a victorious warrior, Rostam was a greedy man with
high a self-esteem. Therefore, he craved the crown and with it, he wanted all the
elephants and the ivory throne that came with the King’s authority. So Rustam being almighty
about himself, announced he did not plan on killing the king but still would face
the wrath of Rustam’s lasso. So Rostam hopped up on his horse named Rakhsh and
charged the king of China. Rustam flew his lasso over the Chinese King, and noosed
it around his neck. Like a cowboy would rounding up a cow. Than Rostam yanked
the Chinese King off his triumphant elephant and dashed him onto the ground. Where Rustam’s
men bound the King’s hands, and dragged him off toward the Shahd. Leaving the Chinese
King’s crown behind him, finally giving Rustam the chance to claim it.